while I'm here on the Gillette media day
for TSM and I'm joined right now by the
three newest players of the roster and
how's it going guys it's going good
that's great you guys having a good time
yeah it's a little different huh yeah
okay so first off let's just go down the
line and you guys can kind of talk we'll
start with Mike because I'm sure you
guys have a much longer weird story but
Mike how did you end up on TSM from your
perspective well I was pretty much in
free agency because Phoenix one was out
of the LCS and I was presented offers
from my owner of multiple teams in the
na LCS and I decided to go with TSM even
if it meant that I'd be turning away
even like like big other offers right
yeah because I thought that it was going
to be the most professional organization
and the most successful when it comes to
leaving my mark on eSports and I think
that's like the biggest thing and
especially because of its branding
possibilities with Gillette and for
example it's just gonna bring eSports
closer to mainstream sports as well yeah
very good and minions fan maybe you guys
don't talk to me a little bit about it
because well you know he was just a guy
that needed a team after no more p1 you
guys had to cross an ocean to get here
so and mithya during the press
conference un referenced that for a
while you'd want to join TSM so I don't
know which one of you guys wants to be
the spokesman here to talk about this
fight okay well okay so this story ever
since 2015 with origin I I had
opportunities to join TSM not always but
it's always been there like in the back
of my mind
it's like like like Mike said it's a
team that has the branding has its super
professional has their mind set has the
philosophy so it and it was just a good
career choice for me to to go to an a
because I had already achieved
everything I could achieve in Europe and
my fans were limited to
just one region whereas now I can kind
of target everyone yeah also South
America which is something I could
benefit from because I also talk Spanish
so I thought it would be a good idea for
me to go to na and I told Jasper about
it and I told Jasper hey man I'm I'm
gonna go to an a no matter what I would
love if you come with me and then he
basically told me okay but I want to
join a competitive team and yeah our
options got super limited and yeah just
we were just super lucky to be able to
find TSM yeah so to be clear you didn't
worry about joining a competitive team
but he did this is what this is how the
story sounds you're like yeah I'm to me
instead competitive team only and then
that just really locked us out of a
couple - I mean I mean for the III I'd
say so yeah like it's it's not that I
didn't want to join a competitive team
my goal is to win the NA LCS so I would
have not joined the team where I would
probably end up retiring if things
didn't go right like I want to keep
playing for a very very very long time
that's my goal so yeah I thought I think
I had more than one choice if I if I
were to go to America on my own and
that's that's why it was more it was
more that with Jasper we had a more
limited amount of options because not a
lot of teams could host - yeah
to replace two new European players
that's that's kind of what bye-bye a
competitive team means it's just that if
we both were to join a team together our
options would have been super limited
yeah so van maybe we can talk about this
now it's okay I've got the microphone
for him you guys can keep that for
yourselves so Europe and the EU fans are
not happy whenever their players leave
and affect na was that a concern for
your important time I you know I I think
most thankfully power of evil is step
forward and decided that he'll claim
most of the hate so you guys don't have
to worry about that but you know what
what is that whole situation like for
you guys I mean honestly I don't think
the response is that bad compared to I
mean we had our little or Origin g2
incident the entire trader thing any
right so compared to that this is really
fine so there's not that much backlash I
think I think most people understand
why we went here and I think one stay
here more endeavoring behind it I think
there's not gonna be any problems so I
think this time the fans have been nice
compared to the usual leaving a team for
another one so it's cool
Mike young maybe we can throw back to
you so there's been an interesting thing
that I've noticed where a lot of TSM
fans are like whoo Mike Young and a lot
of TSM fans are like he was overrated
and people just thought you know he was
too good so what what would you say to
kind of that other side of the criticism
about you potentially being overrated or
you not being the best pickup people
were even saying like why didn't they
get xmithie so you know what what would
you say to that criticism I think the
main thing that most people are saying
like they're judging off of half a split
pretty much so they don't know what like
to you know think of Mike Young yet
right because I've only showed about
half of a split of games and that is
really not enough to judge a player like
for example when smoothie first became a
pro player right he wasn't really he was
kind of like not so like known for like
his good chocolate for his good
mechanics when he first joined but it
took him about was split to really reach
his potential and now he's a pretty good
support and he's like recognized by the
community so that's what my goal is
coming into the next year in the next
season is that I'm going to be competing
to try and be the best and just to prove
to everybody that like pretty much prove
the haters that they're wrong and just
to make her make just proof like the
people that deal worthless pot I'm worth
the spot like did think that like I was
the right fit when it comes to like my
approach to the game and my mechanics
like I'm deserving of this spot yeah for
sure
back to the venomoth ii so correct me if
i'm wrong because you know i I don't
follow the e you mean
as much as the NA but did you guys have
you know in north america we have things
like rush hour or whatever these
nicknames for bot lanes did you guys
have one I think they call us the best
in the West but but like I don't that
haven't heard in and do own nicknames
yeah so so now that you're here and
especially now that you guys have shown
that like you guys are pairing you know
you kind of came over together a lot of
people think that's super cute and and
so what do you want to have one of these
names if there was one do you have one
in mind anything that you can throw out
there for the fans I don't have any ok
so then people it's a contest now people
have to come up with one right we have a
problem that we only have like you know
one like syllable it wasn't the word
names like spam it is a very short name
you don't have like you know bio frost
double lift like there's like more names
you can put together it's a bit of a
problem here see I find something cool
like rush hour works but that one's
taken already right so we have a you'd
have an open contest I think to find a
good name vasee and myth Mithun I think
both of those are not very good okay so
hopefully we can come up with something
we'll leave it to the na & TSM fans to
come through other than that are you
guys worried at all and anybody can feel
this you guys worried at all by any of
the other teams I mean we haven't even
seen all the rosters but they've mostly
all leaked and a lot of people say like
oh TSM Team Liquid and that's gonna be
the rivalry I mean if that's on any
other teams or any of the challenges you
might face I think there's going to be
quite a challenge for us and that's a
good thing because that's going to make
us strive to become better and better
and better if we were to just come here
and be the strongest roster and have no
point of contest then we would probably
suck at Worlds anyway so I think just
having good competition makes us a
better region now that I mean na that's
that's a good thing so yeah I think I'm
just super excited to see all these
teams like Team Liquid c9 in I think
it's maybe stronger maybe not we will
see CLG looks good echo fox looks good
we were I was talking with Sauron about
it earlier this morning yeah yeah
there's a lot of teams that a good was
is the hundred thieves also yes pretty
good yeah I think you've named almost
all of them now
and so the ones that don't look good you
didn't say golden Guardians by the way
so that's putting that team who's in
that the optech golden Guardians ya know
go golden Guardians is rumored to be
high and with who Matt and Laura low and
like those contracts contracts oh yeah
and then who am I forgetting
oh definitely who's like a challenger
player I heard the boding well yeah not
as much enthusiasm also optic right yeah
optic is a power of evil team right our
power of cache power power power of the
girls nowadays in the EU memes I think
the biggest thing I'm looking forward to
is liquid the power strong it's also a
very direct rival for TSM I think I'll
join TSM not only made TSM better but it
made any better because it made TSM
players join different teams like double
to liquid and Barroso CLG and
transparent to c9 their majors all all
seems much better than ever before
because they have now the best team
players on their team so we made know it
teach them better but any better so I
think this year the competition will be
much better now what are the chances
because II you normally outperforms in
ant worlds or MSI or wherever
certainly we bested them at rift rivals
but what are the chances that na is now
better than EU this is the million
dollar question for you guys if you if
you think about it you're stepping back
a little bit you're like I just want to
get out of the center of you no no I was
just getting ready for the oh very very
good so if you think about it ever
ever since I've been going to Worlds
yeah it's been you that's been better
than a name oh I see so you're the and
it's gonna do better than years okay so
14 when I was banned that was I think
TSM did better yes like they were the
best yeah cuz that was not there
yes so it's it's it's about me making
the region strong
and then failing yourself whatever it
comes to the time of you yeah I'm just
I'm just there to help everyone else
that's very generous of you yeah yeah so
are you
does that mean that you're now because
this is always an interesting situation
are you gonna be cheering for na and
representing an a and like against EU or
how are you gonna handle this that's an
interesting question this is interesting
I have to think about it okay very good
that's a that's an interesting dodge I
think that that was a really interesting
touch all right I'm trying to think I
know that we're probably running a long
time but no one's come over here to yell
at me yet so everybody wants to hear
from you guys Mike Young any other
junglers that you're concerned about for
next year any any of these other teams
that you look at and you're like oh man
I'm interested to compete against them
especially with whoever in the jungle
mm-hmm well I think that the teams to
look out for I don't honestly think that
like teal is gonna be our toughest
competition well I think that c9 and CLG
specifically have a really strong roster
and I really do trust like their
management skills so like what I think
those are like the most underrated
roster changes in this season there's no
like rain over coming in and then spend
scaring fitting into c9s like play style
so I think those are the two teams that
I'm looking out for the most yeah I
talked to Reggie and it seems like
there's gonna be a lot of pressure on
you guys because his whole pitch is like
now we've got support and jungle
communication so first off how much
communication have you guys done so far
between each other have you been able to
hang out or whatever cuz I know some of
you guys were just coming in recently
well Matheny just came in last night
okay so so we're not off to a great
start it's what I'm what I'm hearing but
do you agree that it's gonna be a lot
about that and do you feel extra
pressure at all because sort of this is
a narrative that's building around the
team well personally I don't feel like
that's gonna be a big problem for us
because from what I've heard mithi is
really vocal outside of game as well as
inside of games so we'll definitely work
towards like building a better team
atmosphere yeah
inside and out yeah you're doing the
microphone thing where you're gesturing
oh yeah pro players do that all the time
yeah is there okay we'll go down the
line up since we're wrapping up is there
anything you want to say to any of the
TSM fans Mike Matheny and then you can
start off mic thank you guys
I'm just glad I'm able to receive oh
sorry sorry for the gesture it's good
yeah I'm thankful that this TSM fans so
far have been supportive me and and
these guys as well well so first of all
I'd like to thank all the people that
haven't hated on us like they have hated
on us when we joined g2 that's that's
pretty that's actually is it's quite
relieving because we've had a lot of
positive comments I've had more positive
than negative comments joining TSM and I
just wanted to say that sure we're in na
and sure we're from Europe we may be
three European maybe 50% but I think the
main goal for TSM and for me personally
is that we are now on all serve Western
team and we want to do well for everyone
really and we just want to beat the
Koreans that are beating our asses every
time so it's it's our time to unite you
know and stop hating on EU stop hating
on na and just like group up and beat
their asses for once yeah very very good
and here I got I want to thank you guys
for being patient with us and just I
know that many of you guys find out that
me T and I are not the best fit for the
team maybe we are but I think time will
show that we are make this team better
and the region better as a whole and
we're going to do well this year I
promise to you
very good I do like this you guys are
going well with make the region better
as a whole you know making it very
holistic thank you guys so much for the
interview really appreciate it thank you
to Gillette for holding those TSM media
day and giving me a chance to talk to
all these great guys and for everyone
else you can check out more sports
coverage right here on my youtube
channel everyone I want to thank you for
subscribing it to my channel what you
haven't subscribed it oh that's hot sir
all right
well anyway if you haven't subscribed
you should definitely do that otherwise
concert will attack you and also feel
free to support me over at Travis
CARICOM support